Rito II Ryan has the bottle racing in
the DA b4e jump with them Lancaster
bombers perative Vela he runs away
dropped back shortly after the break
and a ranter out why did it be towers in
the center came out quickly guitarman
began well he's trying to hold the fence
as they charge into the first turn the
other 1600 meters mark and he has held
the plastic guitar man if he Charis goes
up to eyeball him and that iran - is a
length away running third for resettles
fourth midnight chicken fifth on the
inside and thunder snow Cosmo charlie
deep turning into the back B jersey
midfield a lengthened a half fitori keen
on the outside of masterplan one de
spirit of valor AHA Lancaster bomber
followed by flyer dawn no more rich
blondes he runs away his second last and
top score is three lengths back at the
tail of the field epi jar is pressed on
he wanted to lead him with 900 meters
left a run he's three-quarters of a
length in front they left the first half
behind in 48.2 epi Jairus showed the
Durbeyfield the way to the back by 3/4
of a length of an errata Thunder snows
three-quarters of a length away he's
edging up to be third now guitarman
fourth for e fifth being ridden along
then fitori kim master plan is being
asked to improve their Lancaster bomber
spirit of Bella fly at dawn and a break
- he runs away at the head of the others
coming around the turn thundersnow moved
up to where peach Aras 400 meters left
to run two links awake at our man then
Lancaster bomber
it's thundersnow alongside if each Aras
thundersnow the guineas winner Eppie
charas from Japan 200 meters out
Thunder snows running about Eppie Jerez
battling back Eppie Jerris in front
thundersnow trying to raise another
effort Eppie Charis in front
lunches again and I think one in the
last possible gasps Thunder snow in a
photo in the Derby from Eppie Charis
master plans run third Lancaster bomber
fourth then fly at dawn guitar man
spirit of Ella 4e he runs away Vettori
Kim top scorer and hirato
Cosmo Charlie a long break - no more
rich blondes be Jersey and midnight
chicken it's a photo between thundersnow
and Eppie Jerris
thundersnow loomed up looked as though
he might have even poked his nose in
front